---
modified: 
tags:
---

# Transcript

Is anyone not going to the markets?

I'll tag on.

Cool.

So the four of you head to the markets, it's about a half hour at this point you guys know like a pretty quick way to get there.

So we'll just go around the thing. Finnick, is there anything you're looking for?

Uh no, I was mostly just got a tagging along to tag along, though it's nothing in particular that caught my eye all that I needed so that's me cool um.

I was looking to get a weapon parent C plus one which um goes for apparently 35 gold. Um if that's what it goes for, um then they have it yeah they um yeah I can buy that.

I think does this have to be applied by someone specific or is this something you can just do you need to find some of the craft give them as well Okay, cool.

So I'll hand that over.

Yeah, so you hand it over and they will they tell you to come back in a few days.

Okay. What kind of weapon do you have actually?

Just to write the offer. Um He said, well, he does say, well, if you want, I could just give you a new rainbow um it's up to you um or I'll or else it will take time to do the exchange.

I don't mind trading.

I don't have much attachment to this one.

Yeah, this one seems some fine quality.

Uh yeah, why not?

You can take it.

Thank you.

I shall send all my recommendations your way. Please do. Um yeah, um cool.

That's easy enough. Um Oku.

Is there anything you are looking for in the markets?

Remember?

Yes, Apple seeds.

Apple seeds. Um yeah, you' able it takes you about half an hour um to find them. Um eventually you're able to find a cellar of seeds. Um and you can buy them.

Let's say that you get like a pouch of seeds for what let's say six copper Okay, cool. Um they have these are just sort of pretty generic apple seeds.

They do have some more gourmet options if you want something like that, but they will cost extra.

So I'm happy with the one I've got right now.

Okay, oh, yeah, you can do that easy enough and Leanna.

I tend to study better when I have a companion of the four-leged variety, so yeah, it's like to get a little pet.

Yeah, you can find a little pet there anything in particular you looking for , you can find a an animal cellar and they do have cats and they do they do have something just pretty generic for like three copper.

They do have things a little bit more purered if you wanted something specific. Um but if you just looking for a run-o the meal cat, it's three copper, if you're looking for something more specific, it starts about seven copper.

I have a visual which might might need to add a bit of copper, but if that helps Okay, so kind of like the tortoisesll, blue eyes or like like a bluey gray eyes, cute little brown to black nose, very fluffy.

High all those. Let's go 39. Yes, well, we have something like that.

It's a it's a it's a Siamese.

I think that makes sense.

It might not. Uh but it'll be it'll be seven copper.

I thank them kindly and I give them their seven copper yeah you have a cat.

It seems welld um and to be um seems to take a liking to you.

I'm gonna call you Matilda.

I'm very happy with my preches. Yeah cool yeah you get your cat um and you guys are still in the markets if there's anything else you want to buy if you if you just want to buy like common stuff like anything that you've forgot to buy um basic weapons, um adventuring gear, you're welcome to do that.

You don't need to um don't need my permission to do so.

Anything specific might take you a bit longer, but generic stuff is easy to find.

I just hope all this cat can deal with our problem.

It'll probably do better than you when it's attached by paper.

I would not count on that.

Do you guys do anything else while you're in the market?

Do you like just browse or do you just sort of get what you want and head out?

Is it still pouring?

Or is it a bit better now high or those 's go.

It's still like peppering rain but it is by no means hammering down much like it is today okay so yeah I'll if people are keen to just have a bit of a walk around see what they got here.

I'd be happy to do that yeah why don't you all give me perception checks just to see if you find anything interesting.

I'm too busy looking at I feel like I probably should have actually made you pay a couple of go.

It doesn't matter.

You like I said what I said this um yeah you are so you all distracted you you don't notice anything out of the ordinary.

It just seems like a pretty run of the mill mark.

Uku role perception I have not , I wrote at that really not good. Uh plus five.

Okay, uh all three of you notice it, um but not screen. Um uh but you you notice like um these this cellar um and they seem to have these interesting masks. Um they're somewhat like blank masks but but you think that they uh have an interesting vibe to them. Um and they're I'm assuming you go over to have a closer look and the cell says ah you have a good eye. All right um I suppose I will ask these interesting looking mosques so what are they what are you selling them here for?

These are proper maggambia masks.

These are are psychopomper masks.

They will let save your life.

Uh, do I know anything about this already?

Do I like with my mgomia lore?

Um yeah, you could you you would just know about the Mgomia masks um that um fully fledged attendants have a right to wear a mgambia masks or have your own personal mask acknowledged by the migambia. Masks are a common part of society. Um and yes, but powerful castes have often have powerful magical masks.

You just know that.

Right.

So it doesn't sound like this is something I could just buy it.

It's like a status thing.

Is that right?

Uh Well, like you could um like you you you would want to make your own one, but like you can dabble with like lesser masks. Um like the proper mask attributed to you would be um some kind of an animal mask. Generally speaking, these are obviously not animal masks and these are human masks.

Most dangerous in animals.

But they are oddly blank.

Well, I will ask the seller um so these are powerful mosques what who were the people who created them are are you the creator?

They are my creation.

They are psychopop masks. Uh if you you are aware and it is invested with it magically, uh upon your moment of death of dying, you may be stopped, you may be fooled, but then it will not work for a year.

I don't plan on dying more than once per year, so that seems quite good.

How much are you selling these for?

Only five gold, but I would need the rest of the day. To to paint your likeness and finish the crafting.

Well, you get to I get to have my likeness un necessary as well.

It's quite nice.

I would only be able I would only be able to do one of your party today.

The rest would have to come back another time.

Well, I'm certainly interested.

Oh guys, is anyone jumping ahead of me line or this is all you man.

I've probably only just realized you're not with me anymore and started running back where are you guys?

I mean I'm gonna be courteous.

I'm gonna ask.

I'm not gonna just like race to this guy.

But if if you guys are happy for it, I' I'd be happy to hip by one of these mosques.

So I will give get out my five gold for him.

Cool.

And says very well, take a seat.

I will and and he grabs the mask and then I puts it in like on an easel specifically for this mask um and gets a set of paints out.

Would you like it as realistic as I can make it or some more metaphaphorical depiction?

I'd like you to capture my natural beauty.

I say as I move the chair, like 30 degrees into the best lighting for me. . Um yeah, but gets painting, um and it does take a little time to Oh, so you from here here?

K kind of not not too far away.

I just recently came to the to Mambia, but we've been around most of my life.

Ah, good, good.

Well, great things are in your future, little one.

Hello.

Here's her thing.

How about you?

Have you been here forever?

I come and go sometimes because I am at the moment I am happy with my trade with my masks.

Anyway, so you guys continue chithatting away. Um so this is a psychopomp mask. Um it is uncommon.

It is invested, it is magical and necromancy tag.

But basically if you are wearing it and you begin your turn with a dying value of three or greater instead of making the recovery check, you just you lose the dying condition, but you're unconscious with zero hipip points.

Okay.

But then the mag mask will crack in half and is destroyed and the psychopoms won't be fooled so easily again and you're temporarily a moon to the effects of the mask for one use of that anyop I was hoping you could like buy a few switch between them.

The psychopoms know your face after that the psychopoms uh why don't you guys roll me a um psychopoms I think what let me double check.

Is there what the check would be.

And one now so early from learning what they are.

It's probably it's probably Arkana.

Yeah, it's probably any of the utic checks the way the way psychopom sort of inhabit the thing as well, actually.

Just tell me what you want to roll.

Like religion would work, Iana would work, occultism would work.

Uh, sosychooms, um they're guardians and shepherds of the dead. Um they are opposed to uh the undead because they should be in the dead.

All right.

I got a four in occultism.

I will remind you of my dubious knowledge. So you know that um psychopoms um, you know that you know, but you you heard that um psychopoms will um come like always take their their prey.

So you think that if this mask works that there'll be psychopoms looking for you um and they might come and try to kill you.

Okay.

I'll take keep that in mind.

So it's a matter of lost resort.

Yeah, but like it would still prevent you from dying in that moment.

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

Um, but yeah, you will forever have like the psychop pumps will always get their prey and as far as you're concerned, you're dead at that point, so they'll come get you.

Yep.

So I I'd share what I found out about them, but I mean, I'm guessing you might be I mean I will say what I have found out about them.

Yeah, I like yeah from what I've I've had the the mosque like it'll save you but at a price but you know what greater price is there than death so it's worth Well, you know there's only one mosque today anyway so but it take at this point it's like mid to late afternoon and it'll take an hour or a bit longer really to capture your likeness at which point he'll be wrapping up today back toia by the time you get back assume you guys wait around for by just looking around it will essentially be night by the time that you get back as well it's it's encroaching nightsects are the rain again has eased up a little bit so you're not getting fully soaked, but you're not dry unless you have your means to keep you dry. . And yeah, you guys can get back to your dormitory and it's basically dinnert time. Dinnerinner is just being well would be there'd be early dinner service so dinner's been service for a little bit but like it's just going towards a common to eat dinner time if that makes sense that makes sense so can I go to dinner I suppose um and Well, as I'll say as you get back to the dormitory, you run into a young man, um speaking with a middle-aged woman, um and they seem to be just hanging about in the common area, discussing things. Um And have any of you particularly welld dressed?

I wouldn't shabby ordinary is wearing like nice clothes like fashionable clothes.

Yes.

So as you walking these look at you like look you over and say hello.

Um, actually, no, that's not their voice.

You would hear the man, uh the woman would actually say, ah, hello there. Um, you must be the new students.

I amenway. This here is Ignasi.

It's a pleasure to meet you. Um I only put one hand out, obviously, to shake their hand. Yeah they they don't they don't stand up. They don't they just stay seated to sit your hand um and um Ignasi says oh so you are just here today or this is your you just got here yesterday is that correct?

Yesterday yes well the rest of the well.

Very good.

I love your dress.

It looks good.

I was always uh brought up to dress well and present well.

Very good.

Yeah, like uh you definitely it's uh it's good to like put some method into like what everyone does in the jungle, but it's nice. Um if you ever want to talk fashion with me in this anyway, sometimes we are work on new outfits and such. Sounds interesting.

What's the best way to contact you with your room?

It's and they just point out their rooms and so they like around the corner.

I'll put them out to you guys later, like the specifics of it doesn't matter too much.

Yeah. Um and then anyway says, uh yes, um I you should know you would see me as a human, but I am actually an a nad.

I am I do not wish to when you see my children, for example, I do not wish you to be alarmed because they do not often they will switch between forms, but I am a shapeshifter.

Interesting.

Um and I can switch between a spider form and this.

I should be actually getting back to my children soon.

Um I've sent them to the kitchen to eat, but I better they'll they'll be I'll need to get back to them soon. For trees.

So what was that remember?

Are very good for apple trees.

Oh, you you like apple trees?

I produce an apple in my hand and give it to her.

Yes, I do.

Perhaps I could use these when I'm baking with Essie or with anchor root.

It is very nutritious, but unfortunately as a magical apple, it will fade.

So I would need to use it quickly.

It could still be used in a pie perhaps.

Maybe But we would have to eat it on the day.

How long do they last?

I don't think they last very long.

Let me have a look.

I'll actually say.

Well, I will eat this apple now, and perhaps once you're if you can make your tree bloom faster than normal, we will have other apples for baking. Because you're just talking and then it just disappears so she said that about the um but it might take some time yes.

Well, thank you anyway.

Are you all off to the kitchen for dinner?

I best go pick up my children.

Indeed.

Yes.

I don't.

I'm gonna put my kitten inside and then I'll join you guys.

Kitten Probably keep that away from my children.

I can be pranksters.

I can imagine.

What's the general vibe in terms of water around with weapons?

It's fine there's spring there's a spiring yard not too far from you guys Yeah, wouldn't want to walk around with the sword if no one else was.

Like not a lot of people aren't, but some people are.

I think more people aren't, but it's not like you don't really get weird looks for it.

Uh, yeah.

So, um you guys head to the dining hall with Ignasi andway, um she Senway explains that her full name is strands ofowing Dawn Sunnyway. Um the spelling of that is T, ZZ, EN IWE.

I'll say that again.

T ZZ EN IWE.

I will in the chat for you guys to be aware.

I should put the full version to be fair.

Her species was aonti, was it and yeah, she just sort of get the impression well no she says outright you know she just y she tells people here that who she is because she doesn't like I just I don't I don't like it.

I don't like anyone to get surprised.

I know not everyone's comfortable around the spiders. Um but when you see my children, um I think you'll understand what I mean and you yeah I just . It is good to see some more a little bit more diversity around here.

Nothing against all the humans, um but there are many more of them than there are everything else, I suppose. Um and you learned that her twins, uh they're not twins are two toddlers. Are they yeah we'll say they're the twins. Um and they're Zavcha and Zandvi. And when you guys get to the dining hall, they are just sort of like harassing loomacy a yow a little bit um not like aggressively um but a little bit. Um and anyway says ah, Z Z Z and like shoots a web and like lasses them over and starts dragging them to her and they go oh um one of them is a spider and one of them is a small humanoid rack. Um and she says, ah, I better get you back since you're being on well behaved, not well being being naughty.

Anyway, I am I'm I'm I'm going to get these back to the room and get them to bed.

I might I might see you later, but I'll probably be dealing with them for the rest of the night.

Good luck.

Yeah. And so anyway heads off. Um Nasi says uh I probably get better get back to studying as well. Um So I might just grab some food and take it back to my room.

See you around.

See you around.

Is was itazi human?

Yeah, yeah, just Ignasi cans.

Oh, that' close with the spelling for the sea, not an S. And do you guys find yourself at dinner?

Eventually you're joined by a sweaty looking Sie and Heyram who come back and says oh, good to see you. Yeah good good to see you guys.

How was the day at the the rest of the day at the markets?

Got me a new sword.

I'd proudly hold up my.

It's a fine looking weapon.

That help me hit pesesty bastards that come up against me.

No, perhaps you like to join us in the sparring rounds later. Not tonight, but another day.

Very interested.

And a few of us like to get get amongst it pretty regularly, not not everyone. Myself, sometimes, um you might meet Knox Solo and the coral usually like to have a uh Knox, not Ox.

Damn it, I'm getting I'm getting all these names computers. Too many people, too many made up people they have to keep track of.

I'm gonna make like a massive spreadsheet for this.

I've got mini spreadsheets.

Yeah, soham explains that SE like is pretty athletic and likes to work out aoro yes heyram yes Knoxolo, not so much.

Sorry.

The Hebreram is excited about a new spiring partner.

Yes. That's yes, okay. Um Yeah, well baby tomorrow I can meet you out there.

That sounds good.

Mariama sometimes as well.

She's a she's a chaotic on that one. Um and you guys enjoy dinner if there's any specific things you guys want to talk about or are you talk about I don't know, just school in general.

Yeah, I mean I'd like to have a chat as a as a new student.

Like what's when are we going to get into the sort of the the daily grindal like, how long does this orientation last for just for the rest of the week after that you'd be doing regular classes with teachers.

We basically have you for the first week just to get you settled. And we we thought just we all came up with these projects for you to do that represented the five branches.

You are just delegating your work to us like you.

I mean, yes, to an extent.

These are things that just have to be done. Uh and we're expected to do them as a team.

Like once studies begin we'll have to be doing some of these things just as we can.

We sort of allow these things to wait for your arrival I suppose. Can't blame you for that.

So does that we get into the actual class next week' and you'll meet the rest of the teachers. You've only met Takal so far, yes?

Yep.

I believe so, yeah.

Yeah, well, you know, it's good to get settled in your dormitory uh and just to make it make sure it feels like home.

We don't want to get two classes.

I mean, the library is open for you if you wanted to begin your studies, but um that that's entirely up to you.

Well, that's what I thought we were here to study.

Well, you may find the library common useful for some of these challenges, depending on what the challenges. Fair enough Any clues for tomorrow?

The only clue I will give you is it is me, um that will be running it and it relates to the tempest zone majors.

I hope that's.

I don't I don't want you to feel like you need to prepare or anything. Wasn't planning on it.

Good good you'd have to learn how to think on your feet here.

Of course of course.

You eventually joined by some of the other students they come in and go some of them joined you for a little bit.

I will say like, um Marietta comes in at some point, um, eats quickly, leaves, tells you some Atllandish story about her day.

It doesn't seem like it should happen, but it did. Um I can't think of anything right now, but if anyone wants to tell a weird story about what happened in a magic school, go for it, but it seems outlandish. Um but anchorut is there um and she's Anorut's quite quiet, um but nods along and confirms that it did happen. Um she was there and she had to go hide for a little bit.

Ah, so that's why you were there this morning?

Is that?

Yeah, like?

Yeah, this uh it was weird.

I was I was out in the we were out in the gardens, uh and we were we were just coming back from the class together. Um and all of a sudden this um piece of paper, this animal made out of paper, just came out of the gardens and it came to us and it was looking like it was like should be like scared or something. Was trying to get our attention to go see something, but then it just kept on running away after but it was so odd.

It sounds eminently plausible given my my week so far. It sounds like they sounds they easy on you.

It seemed like it was trying to like get our attention and like wanted to help with something, but I had no way to communicate with it.

I followed it round for a little bit I tried to read one of those guys once, but then it started attacking me so I think I think you did the right thing.

I was probably trying to crap you in the plane of paper or something.

She's there all of like five minutes before and told her that weird story and then she's gone. Okay well see you around that was see you on. Stays there and she's just very quiet but she'll just sort of stay there and she doesn't say much but she will she will speak when spoken to I ask her how are they we just need to keep them warm for the night and we'll send them off in the morning.

Are they for raising or for eating?

The chicks for raising.

You wouldn't need a chick.

I don't know human are weird. Sometimes, but like some of them like to know they raise things and such.

I like racings. You must have fun with the two little spider bobs then.

The spiders are nice.

They're a bit too energetic for me to babysit so as he does more babysitting.

I I'm more of a lost resort.

I like I like Beatles mostly I wouldn't the boys around my my Beatles. From what I am told that would be a bad idea.

I think so, yes. Um you get the impression andrew it's quite anxious and shy.

Correct.

That makes sense.

She's very small.

I think she's the smallest one at the table. The guy is pretty small.

What's no Kend forget what race you are.

No, I think. But she does seem a little bit more comfortable with like the other small folk like if you guys are sort of sitting there talking to her um it's like yeah, maybe a little bit more comfortable with you two than everyone else.

Yay, I am also small. . I was just to say, but it doesn't seem like one for a small talk so um not big on it no.

Eie is probably leading most of the conversation. Um and Heyram is joking around a lot.

Hey,ram's quite friendly, um and like good and good good natured, so get tries to get to know of you a little bit and be friendly. Um and yeah, but dinner it progresses nicely and then you can go back and retire um and if you want to go use the bars, there is no incidence tonight.

Well in that case I shall bathe only bathe when's so long as you prior to I mean look you've said a precedent the next time you don't say there's no incident before.

Maybe it's like a duck dot goose situation when I'm trying to sit up like a Plovian response.

Maybe maybe it could be a case of a dropped of soaps, have a thing?

Okay. Leave that there.

Yeah, but if nothing else um you guys get through the night um and wake up in the morning um you as as you guys retired, she said I'll meet me in the same spot tomorrow morning and we'll get started with the next project. all do good night good night. And you guys go to bed after washing up or whatever you wake up in the morning and you go to the same spot and when you arrive Essie is already there waiting for you and she says she bobs her umbrella in greeting today.

I'm the only one of us who plans to join the tempest Sun.

That's the branch that defends Dantambu and the people around the city from outside threats big and small.

Today you're going to help us with a very small threat.

Some gremlins have gotten into one of the school storage rooms.

I want you to get them out without harming them.

I mean it.

They sell Sads with emphasis, they're sour little pests, but they haven't done anything except throw some jars around and be obnoxious.

The Mgambia doesn't approve of killing anyone just because of who they are, a student was even expelled because of it back before I came here. Between you and me, I don't think anyone will mind much if you gave one or two a whack to the head, but get them out of the storage room and release them off the grounds.

Really it's probably best to release them outside of Nantamboo entirely.

Okay, just just to clarify on so you're telling me the penalty for murder is expulsion?

Yes Wow this momia really seems to take that serious.

Yes we do.

Yeah, okay.

I'll keep that in mind if I murder someone I'll might get expelled and then that's it.

The stickolen?

Well, that's what the university will do.

I'm not sure about the city.

It depend on the rest will be depend on the authorities.

I imagine the city wouldn't care too much about it dead gremlin but other people might other things might I think they're called uh pugumpies Pugwumpies all red.

What do I know about pugwumpies?

Um so you can attempt a nature check?

All right. All knowledge on pluglumpies um unless someone has a gremlin law because that's that's a little we were talking about laws earlier that's that's apparently that's one.

It's very specific.

I got on, to be.

Not on a Gremlin lore.

Ukhead rule to five, so he knows nothing.

Okay, so with aenty one and no one's beating that, I assume I'm going to try to 165.

Oh, shit, I did it wrong. Um Row.

That's a second.enty one You also get a one?

Okay, so you guys instantly remember that pugwampy Gremlins, they're creatures, um and they ca misfortune to nearby creatures. You weirdly remember that for some reason they have an obsessive like love of knolls. Like anchor it.

That's all you know straight off the bat aboutwies.

I have a feeling anchor wouldn't agree to what you're thinking, friend.

I mean, if they if they love if they love Knowles, it seems like it shouldn't be a averse. Thing like it seems like they might be friendly to her.

It would be yeah I'm not I'm I don't I went off kidnapping I'm I mean I don't imagine we'd get expelled.

It's't matter, but I I don't imagine Maggambia would would look kindly upon kidnapping either.

I take it no one here has any magics that will make them look like one. Says you welcome to ask and it's your complete but you are welcome to ask for help if they will if you think this would might help, I'm gonna go.

I've got some studies to do.

I'll be in the library if you need me if you have any more questions but uh good luck. No murdering she she point at you Okay.

I mean, if we don't if we don't want to do that we could maybe look in the library if there's anything that could help we could find out more about these.

I'll try and find another knoll around.

I feel like surelyarut's the best know to ask.

I don't I think we'd have trouble convincing a stranger.

Go find it now.

It's worth asking.

You might have to do the sweet talking, though.

You're a little bit more flowery with your words than me.

I do.

So where do you think she'd be?

Would you be in the do or what do you have any thoughts about her being somewhere else?

It's still relatively early so like a lot of people would still be inorms but some people have gone off to do things All right well I'll knock on her door at the dorms.

Yes, hello hello who is it?

Hi, this is this is oh hello. You do you need something?

Well the thing is we're actually looking for your help. Okay what I help?

It's a special like it's a special thing that I think only you're the only one who could do this.

We are there's been some there's been some gremlins that are in the storage room and like with you, I think they would just like if you asked them to leave, they'd they'd probably just get out of there and we don't want to make a scene.

So we thought that you got you since you know, you know, they love like they love nos so they probably if you went up to them and asked, they'd probably just go.

So we were wondering if you could come along with us and maybe see if we can get those gremlins to high tail it out of here.

What do you think?

Um I think wrong the diplomacy check.

It's my plus seven for two.

It's 11.

It's an eleven within an eleven, I don't that sounds that that sounds like too much. Um I think I go up you have to find it all the way way to help.

I won't be able to help with that today.

Sorry I'm very I'm very busy.

I'm very busy.

Bye. Bye..

Bye.

All right. Um I don't think there's any point in pushing that, so I'll go back to our group. Around the corner something, yeah.

I just I'll go back to a group and let them know that I don't I don't think um Anor it's gonna come with us today. That's fine.

She seemed a little skiddish anyways so can't blame her a little.

Well in that case uh do we want to do you think we're ready to just go out and get them or do we want to find out more first like find see if we can come up with a strategy as opposed to just heading them.

Well, I'm sure we can just hit them, but it's probably not advisable.

We could probably knock them out, but not to the point of killing, obviously, but I'm happy to go to the library and do some research for you guys meander like probably all happy to go read.

Yeah, you can go to one of the libraries.

All right, let's go to the library, the specific Lanclon library.

So you guys can go to the library and attempt another check.

It'll take you like an hour, but I'll let you do another nature check this time you'll get a+2 circumstance bonus. Role if you' untrained, forget if it's in this one or not.

No, I don't think so.

I think very good at studying.

He likes to work with things in the ground.

With that I got 25. With a 25 you come across this weird obscureing of this this this tiny little blurb that um gremlins apparently have an aversion to small bells made of semirecious metals. Like gold or silver bells or something like a like a fine bra silver brass be a semirecious metal if we get a half gold half aluminium bell then it's semirecious.

Or maybe we just find a silver belt.

I feel like silver bels are findable.

I mean technically iron would work. Semirecious. For proper.

Anyways, we'll just need to find some small bells. Um Well, I suppose in a way the marketplace is an option it would be somewhere completely different today.

I mean do you think they might have them at the powder pile?

We give it a lot of a bit of an easier yeah sure to the powder pile.

While you're reading about this pugwampies, um Liz, Leanna discovers um it's basically like a note. Um it's like it's in like the book like the bit that you're in about Pugwomies it's a paragraph it's like a little handwritten note uh about a man named Ottak Bazni um UU put it in so um like yeah, like he was callous um and um when he was asked to deal with some pug Wampy, he that were causing mischief within the academy, um he just used his magic to slaughter them and he was expelled.

Right that makes sense like the last straw, but it was the last straw for him so you guys might not it might not happen to you because it would be your first this guy was just a person this particular group that one person's it might happen because I mean you didn't stop them any case, I think it'd be best that none of us get expelled.

So let's try not to go down that path.

Well, actually apparently like apparently it is semirecious metals such as silver or gold.

So school all that other discussion I just found it written down somewhere.

Silverall gold.

That's the two examples they give.

Semmirecious is vague in my mind, but it's probably very specific to other people.

It's a specific thing which I don't think gold is semirecious, but semi precious is like copper brass all those kind of ones iron.

But in this golden sil that's fine. Because there's also metal and endamantineine in this world.

Yeah, exactly so that would be probably the more precious metals.

Also, as far as I'm aware, I don't think metals are classified that way.

I think only gems are classified that way, I don't think so. Pop it into Google.

You'll get what I got. cious metal.

This is an important place to be going.

There's a lot of them. So let's go to the p powder pile powder pile to speak with That's yeah, you guys can head over that powder pile. Um and do you guys get there and says, ah, what would you like?

What kind of can help you with?

Oh, well, I don't know if you would stock these, but we were looking to get rid of some some gremlins from one of the storage rooms and we heard that uh maybe some silver bells would do the trick.

Do you have any of those?

Yeah,ent well I. Otherwise if you want to buy one, it will be five silver each, but I can loan you one, no price, no charge if you need it for the assignment.

I mean okay.

I'd be happy to well I'm I'm sure we'll bring it back in good condition.

I would put it on your account and expect payment if you did not bring it back.

Well now I bring it back in good condition.

No, no.

I always going to bring it back in good condition.

Who was he?

Good.

Very well.

One bell lent to finick and will be back by the end of the day. Or I will add one copper per day.

It is not with me.

No need to worry about that.

Would be like would you like to purchase more bells?

Yeah, I was just about to say do you think one bell is enough guys usually for these kind of things more the better but I'm pretty poor Is this the part where someone says you can in other ways No, no it's although it's a college so maybe yes.

Yeah, can we put that on next um some bells Well, if no one else is going to, I'm going to buy five bells.

Wait, I'm going to buy four bells so that I have five bells.

Okay, yeah you can buy that so you'll have to hand over two golds, they five over each. . Yeah.

I give him the gold and I receive bells.

I'll make so to give one of the like surely one of them will be in good condition and I'll give that one back to you. Uh yeah, that's fine. Um so uh you have your fire bells. Um and you've been told that there it was the storage barn, um which is not too far away.

It's um if you were to keep on going.

It's closer to the powder pile than it is to the dormitory.

Right.

Yeah.

Yes.

You can see it there.

Over to the north.

I think we're pretty well prepared to head over there.

Any objections?

None whatsoever.

I can think of is how like are we just going to try and drive them out of there or are we trying to trap them like in a box or something?

Maybe go a cage you don't wanna put in a how big are the grelins?

Like are they really tiny kind of things or are they actually sizable?

Oh, they're they're small.

So you would have to you know them up and like You just been told you need to get out of the getting out of Nantamb would be it would be extra credit essentially. It's possible for that then if not Well, I'll just say oh wait a second.

I'll I'll run an empty out my backpack.

Might be able to carry one of them or two of them in there maybe.

All right.

I in while you're doing that I'll give eight of you guys one of the bells.

I'll also bring my rope just in case.

All right.

Yeah, you guys can all head over to the storage shed with your weapons in tow and yeah, you make it to the storage barn. And in front of you is a door. Um the door seems to be stuck. Um obviously through a broom handle that is stuck in the door handle. That you could easily remove and get in.

Okay before we do that can we hear anything from inside?

You could do a perception to try to hear more like every' obviously shit every now and then.

I am going to channel elements and create my armor so he now looks like a full arm at night, but in wooden armor instead of metal.

What are you guys doing with the bells?

I think just told them.le you jingle the bell you hear more movement from inside. Does it sound like they're running the be It sounds like sounds like the bell changed if they're definitely running you can hear you can hear things running around now. When we open the door they might come charging out we'll your go m . Do we even the same language can talk?

What's their languages?

Does anyone speak?

Colo or Sak feeling like to don't I don't , why did I write down languages?

Yeah, you've done well enough on your research check that you would know that those are the two languages that you're like to have.

Oh, I hadn't I haven't actually done my languages properly, but I'm not gonna do of them.

Yeah, I'll do that now, but 's to say I'm not doing that.

There's an argument that you know under common a slim argument you might know Noel, but that's not really your upbringing though so yeah. Have you don't have I'm you don't , you don't there didn't in that I don't way out of um popping in.

So who's open the door and then when you're ready to let me know Maybe unless you've got anything else planned, maybe it would be good if you do Because I mean I think Membo and I or our three can probably wrestle some to some degree, I don't know if you can.

My atics is minus one so no.

Yeah, so duty might be a good idea.

All right.

I'll stay on duty.

All right.

So we're going to take out that bring take.

Yep.

Whoever wants to do that can do it and when you do, let's roll initiative. Do it is that perception?

Yeah, unless you' doing something else, but none of you guys were doing anything else.

Like you can use stealth or like if you were like running you might use athletics or something like that, but 20. It still says rolling the dice 21.

I would say, despite the meta information that the rolling initiative is getting us reminder where our goal is not to murder people. Don't even if they're armed yet.

You can you specifically can't miss you can't do non-lethal with magic so if you going to try and do non-lethal you do it I think it's a minus two penalty to hit it would be if there was like a non-lethal tag you be normal you do it okay so you open up the door when you do you give me a perception check just for free after the bat.

Actually, no, no, no that would be fair sorry that would have only been full Liz, but I've got to get used to pathfinder two rules.

That is a full action and you can do it on your turn. Um but essentially uh the pagwampies have a higher issue than any of you with a 24. Um so but why you only see one of them um and it sort of notices it's it was so it rolled so badly on its stealthick that it like knows it's badly well hit and it like you can see you looking straight at it um but it seems to see the bell um and and just throws the bottle on the ground like at your general direction, um but not at you um and then it tries to run and hide um and again hides very badly. Um the rest um and then you just sort of hear murmuring. Um okay, so then we'll go to scrin.

Yep.

Okay, so we know where one is really like yeah, he's up in the shell.

He's hiding really badly.

Like you can see his butt as he tries to hide behind some jars.

Yeah, just a note we can't move those.

Oh really?

Too. Uh don't worry about it just uh say what you doing it it's a podcast anyway um I will walk in um oh it to a full round action is that as in like three action points to do a search.

Uh, yeah, you got your three actions, but you can do like a three round search, but it would only be one action, like I think a perceptual check.

Okay.

I'm not too at least I'll try and do a perception to try and figure out where they could be. That's I do have imprecise sense so that'll give me a plus two perception bonenus as well.

Yeah, you notice a couple more.

These ones are a little bit bit bit better hidden that are just sort of hidden up in the shelves.

They're all like holding bottles like ready to throw them.

I kind of go there I suppose that's probably what the end of my turn.

Okay, yeah, you start pointing them out.

Sounds good.

Leanna.

I'm going to stay around the door and like to do a perception check to see if I can see any more. Um Sure.

Do anotherction.

Yeah.

2?

Yeah, you see another one.

This one hid pretty well, but you see another one up in the shelves.

This one's like perched away.

Are there any pebbles or anything small like nearby or like around the door?

Yeah, you could spend the rest of your time going to pick up a pebble.

Yeah, okay cool.

Cool um yeah, I'm done.

There's your turn.

All right.

I'm gonna how far can I walk?

Oh, sorry, sorry, my bad.

I am I click on I have toag in a new token but describe what you're it's.

Yeah so I move inside and then I am going to try and grab one of the little fuckers.

Yeah, I'd say it would take you two actions to get all the way up to one of them, um but then you can use your third one to try to grab one. What do I um it would be ethnics.

That's.

Oh wait I have I think maybe I have athletics the the one that where I just make it a ten is that Yes, you can.

I mean you did role also in future you said I take that back so what's your total with you Now it isix turn because I was too axious to move one action to try to grab Um, okay, in that case, I will enter. Um I would like to move roughly like to basically the center left of the building. Um and I will cost courage a sent them which will inspire everyone um, giving them a plus one to everything, not quite everything, but attack rolls damage rolls and saves against here. . Only like periodage you pick or anyone in the order.

Myself and allies within 60 feet.

So in this case, the team.

I don't know about that they can be friends at the most allies like a specific thing and they' um so cool um we get to the Pug Wampies Pug Wampies turn um and the one that you tried to grab you you tried to grab a nimbo it tries to run away um and hide um that does a pretty poor job of it and a couple of the other ones are trying to throw some bottles around. Um um they just they they're not throwing them at you.

They just seem to distract you that natural one. They're making them pretty bad attack roles too. So that natural one I think one of them cuts himself a little bit um but they sort of running around and trying to hide um yeah they you're sort of losing them a little bit but they are not trying to attack you directly.

Okay. And then and then we move back to.

I think I will next kind of have gathered up a little bit.

We don't know where they are they hid.

Okay, but we we kind of get the idea that they're up in like the top kind of the northern side of the room type thing.

Some of them yeah you don't really know where they are though they they all one of them hid badly. Looks like I'll be doing another perception That's your Indeed.

So that doesn't get a plus one by the sounds I don't Yeah, pretty bad. Um you find like the one that was really badly hidden but like the rest of which one was that say this one the one closest to you that's beneficial I do try to approach him and then try to grapple yeah so that'll your third be the grapple so try to grab. This one does count as an attack so we'll give you the plus one.

And so if flanking would for that too. Yes, you can catch footed, but you also the multi-attack penalty also applies.

And I might be getting something wrong.

I think it right, but I think I could be getting something wrong as well.

But yeah, you grab them.

And at the end of your turn you have one of them grapp they can escape on their turn most like I take it Yep, they can try to escape when your turn. Using that I've found before I'm that is that like a bowl or a sink?

Sure.

It's yeah.

All right. Well I'm just going to try and make it easier for the others and maybe not injuring or hurting the critters, but maybe breaking the things that they can potentially hide behind.

So I'm going to start with that bowl first.

It's going to start breaking there any chance we do a reaction to say no?

No. Not until the wrong attack role Liz, just a stick blood weapon.

Like I think yeah, we'll see whether this attack we'll see what this one does.

Okay well I pull out my sling and I'm gonna try and go for what looks like that you crack a bowl that it smashes into pieces. And that was so we say that was like movement and then one action um you guys can just say hey stop breaking shit if you want.

you're ' not killing them.

I'm trying to help you. Protected and get rid of them.

I will remind you guys that there is a demoralized action if you're trained in intimidation It's not because don't speak the same language, but okay.

So you have one action, though.

I'm gonna jingle the bell okay.

Any in in any particular way, like what are you doing anything particular with them?

Just a nice soft soft little jingle.

Hopefully that entices them out a little bit more and Okay.

Yeah, that's what you do. Um and then we moved to Uku.

Yeah oh, this is a bit of a situation.

Can I grab Liz and throw her out?

Right.

I'll come here and I'll try and grab this guy 14 again. Um yeah, 14, I see yeah, you can try to grab one. Uh yeah, you grab one.

You two both have one grabbed You didn't bring you give me a perception check to see if you can find a sack or something. , I did not find a.

I roll.s got a bag because he said he's fine but you didn't have one so yeah you're still looking around for a bag or a barrel or something that would fit this thing.

Yes. Okay, so I will first of all cast lingering composition to make my anthem stick around this time. But that's a like that doesn't take an action um and I will use the demoralized action. Um I would love to use my florid um wordmithing but uh since that doesn't work I'm just gonna yell okay um so you get a plus two bonus for holding the bell and we'll say that you get a minus two penalty for not speaking the language so it's basically a straight roll I don't it'sus it' I think I have to do a No, yeah, it's it's I I'll tell you the thing.

What is it?

Intimidation minus two So I rolled a 14, which makes it minus to 12 total you the circumstance penalty.

And it' 10 plus my will save is six so you do not demoralize it and you can try again.

I mean what I believe I didn't demoralize it but you did say six 10 six okay you cool uh Again the target is immune for 10 minutes so I can't try again.

You try a different one yeah I was for whatever reason it's not it's not it's not like I'm wrong.

I'm just like sound you know I'm just yelling in my head that's but that doesn't that is not what it is um no Pyf find is actually quite specific on this.

You don't do group diplomacy checks.

It's like specific people unless you have feats that allow you to do it.

Right, right Yeah, I think that was just in my head.

I'm like, well, this is yelling.

So, um anyway, uh regardless of that, I would like to No, you will yell at the other one.

We'll do it again.

We'll yell at everyone and then no will be immune.

So I will do another yell. This time I will roll up.

That's the 19 2624. 24 yep uh yeah, you scared the shit out of that one. That end of your turn there's a stage.

It just runs the door and squeezes past Leanna and gets the fuck out of there.

It's gone.

It just runs screaming Wait a sec, how fast are these no?

I mean, not names.

How fast are these grand ones?

They are how fast are they 25. . I mean they like they're not like you could do something like try to catch them and like but they are running.

Well we were only here to capture three you just to get them off the academy grounds.

So however you need to achieve that the other three, uh two of them will say we'll try to escape their grapple so um we'll see um I think, I think with the 19, one of them does unless you try to hold on.

I'm guessing it's just my athletics DC or strength DC Yeah, they probably get past Yeah, okay so what's your strength DC member you the second one?

Ingth It would be like strength proficiency, I thinks what's your athletics plus yeah so they both get away and run away and start running towards the door, but don't have enough movementment to get out of it.

This these two, they are running for the door and trying to get out.

The one that was wasn't captured throws a bottle at you guys.

It's sort of like a distraction.

It's a bad throw and it also runs towards the door, but this one gets away a little bit.

I mean, if they're trying to run, I'm not sure that I would try and stop them.

Let's just run behind them with the bells now.

Yeah, to be fair at this point you can do that and you can just we can be out of initiative and you guys are chasing them with the bells, chasing them out off the campus. Probably getting a few hot looks. Um yeah, um basically, uh as long we do a hold in the bells, they won't attack you um so they're just they were just doing regular distract destruction um and so and once it's demoralized, I think the fact that you demoralized one and it started running away, the other to like this is we got to get out of here.

So yeah, they just all started running away and you guys can follow them around with the bells and get them off campus.

Right.

And you have completed the challenge.

We'll say you did all that in the morning, um and you have the rest of the day for more downtime if you want to, you would have to find the markets again because it moves places every day um but yeah, I feel like that's probably a good place to call it.

Okay..all wealyze our compatriot for almost wrecking the room?

It was one thing.m I'm go back and try and fix it like if we're ending the episode we do that next episode. On while looking directly at the other. In all future endeavors.

Oh actually slight redon. You in front of the door, they escaped through a hidden hatch in the floor. Um one of them did.

We say one of them did that and the other three escaped through.

So so yeah, one of them went through the air. Um you have to deal with that one later.

All right.

Oh wait no.

We'll we'll we'll say that we'llack on it because it is because you did catch them all you get it all.

We'll say one of them tries to escape through the hatch in the floor, but you manage to grab it and it off so you do get all four of them away, but you are aware that there is a hatch in the floor.

All right.

Well, in that case, I feel like after we chase them around or away, should probably come back and have a look at this hatch.

Cool.

We'll we'll do that we'll do with that next episode then.

Yep. Um cool. Um I'm just making my notes about what happened.

So the afternoon of downtime, I've got ruins ruin for screen, seeds for Uku, cat filiana, um mask for finick.

The downtime evening you met um Ignasi and anyway, talked about challenges more.

I'm got all you got to know, got to know a bit, uh more.

That was really all you did, right, for the dinner time. Um and then the Gremlins uh did well on first check but not a crit success. Couldn't convince anchor route.

I'm guessing that was one of the written options.

Went to library and Crit success. To discover bells used bells and grappling to remove the Gremins fasing them out off the campus discovered trap door in storage bar.

Yeah, cool.

That's that's all I needed.

Oh well you know that was fun. Yeah like it
